feat: add TabHeader component (#2503)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/olive-cheetahs-boil.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/application-components': minor
'@commercetools-local/visual-testing-app': minor
'@commercetools-website/custom-applications': minor
'@commercetools-website/components-playground': minor
---

> Add `TabHeader` component. A composition of those components is meant to be used in `Tabular Modal Page` passed as `tabControls` prop, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new `<TabHeader>` component.

A composition of those components is meant to be used in the `<TabularModalPage>` component passed as `tabControls` prop. See example below:
```
